I'm too old to myself
For the first time over at the time of the 27-year-old
Because such as enhanced fire from was published is the 45-year-old hard to in the last year 18 years Potter
Possible
If there are various things
Well there are a lot of interview partners, so the result
What kind of conclusion it will be
It is written well
Everybody reading, especially the people of Judo who received a lot of letters from the 80-year-old 90-year-old former judoes
Also I
I say everyone cried
The title is that plum of intact Ina
The garden uses something inspired by the content
So very well I'd referred to as or not the eccentric title
Ummm
Only Well I read from those six generation no I'm me saying everyone Toka the only teacher
Absent
Second I ask it all the time
Does it mean that human beings continue to live?
that
That
Rather than talking about whether Wrestling mere 10 percent increase in the position to stay alive existence of human beings
A lot of things like life-like death have come out
It is that this time
I think that is the reason for the readers and the selection committee to get support
Roots came out and read before building only by various publishers coming to Nagoya
It's like come who was the person corner still of day because it was a nurse, but not a mon was the middle of the night
What
Such feces
Doing
Balance
My teacher and my brother love me, I even have a pizza and I'm dying
And in the midst of various music or a or a there is the way of the husband and wife love
It is like a breath of Showa before the internet age is surely coming
7 That kind of smell of Gokri
Please feel me everyone
that
I think that I got a new faction